# Push_swap1337
This project will make you sort data on a stack, with a limited set of instructions, using the lowest possible number of actions. To succeed you’ll have to manipulate various types of algorithms and choose the most appropriate solution (out of many) for an optimized data sorting.
V.1 The rules • You have 2 stacks named a and b. • At the beginning: ◦ The stack a contains a random amount of negative and/or positive numbers which cannot be duplicated. ◦ The stack b is empty. • The goal is to sort in ascending order numbers into stack a. To do so you have the following operations at your disposal: sa (swap a): Swap the first 2 elements at the top of stack a. Do nothing if there is only one or no elements. sb (swap b): Swap the first 2 elements at the top of stack b. Do nothing if there is only one or no elements. ss : sa and sb at the same time. pa (push a): Take the first element at the top of b and put it at the top of a. Do nothing if b is empty. pb (push b): Take the first element at the top of a and put it at the top of b. Do nothing if a is empty. ra (rotate a): Shift up all elements of stack a by 1. The first element becomes the last one. rb (rotate b): Shift up all elements of stack b by 1. The first element becomes the last one. rr : ra and rb at the same time. rra (reverse rotate a): Shift down all elements of stack a by 1. The last element becomes the first one. rrb (reverse rotate b): Shift down all elements of stack b by 1. The last element becomes the first one. rrr : rra and rrb at the same time.
My_Push_swap Algorithm
step1 : indexing the stack a from the smallest to the bigest step2 : make functions that sort snall random for 2 numbers and 3 and 4 and 5. step3 : first part : Range 42 Range 15 If the length of the linked list is greater than 100, take this range "42" If the length of the linked list is lower than 100, take this range "15" Let's first take a an integer "i" and apply algo that push all numbers to b. then we push back all numbers tostack a in order to be sorted
